In this project, we held three activities, namely campus garbage collection activities, a speech on "Recycling Trash, Regenerating the Environment" and volunteers at garbage recycling activities. In the process of these three activities, we encountered many difficulties and many shortcomings.


The biggest challenge we encounter during campus waste collection activities is the volume of waste collected. Although everyone actively responded to the campus garbage collection activities, the garbage collected by some students was non-recyclable garbage, such as disposable plastic boxes, disposable tableware, etc. These single-use, non-recyclable wastes are lightweight but take up most of the space. After screening, sorting, and sorting, the amount of garbage reduced was one-third less than the original amount. Before the event begins, we should clearly mark which garbage cannot be recycled to reduce erroneous garbage collection.


The "Recycling Trash, Regenerating the Environment" speech at this event is the first speech that we have fully sponsored by ourselves. We are facing tougher challenges than ever before. After the registration form was issued, only a small number of students signed up to attend the lecture. Fortunately, after the teacher suggested that attendees add EAB Points, some degree students signed up to participate in our lectures. There are also some students with the same subject who support and attend our activities. In this event, we obviously did not do a good job in preparation. We do not have a list of participating students prepared in advance. Therefore we cannot know the exact number of attendees. Secondly, students need to be reminded multiple times after registering to avoid missing the event on the day. At the same time, we do not actively promote our activities, at least once a week. The day before the event, we will first check whether the event equipment can be used normally and whether additional equipment is needed. Due to time constraints, we did not conduct equipment inspection until the day of the activity, which resulted in us borrowing certain equipment such as extension cords and pointers from the teacher in a very urgent situation. Fortunately we had these issues resolved before the event. The most serious problem is that we have no arrangements and distribution of work, which makes us busy and out of order. In addition, some team members are unconscious and do not cooperate spontaneously, which results in too many people doing a certain task and no one completing some tasks. There are also problems with our communication with the teacher. The members did not explain their needs to the teacher, nor did they tell the teacher their needs in advance, which caused the teacher to be unable to reply in time.


The first is that some team members are slow to do things and don’t ask questions until the deadline and some members are not proactive enough to help. This situation brings a lot of difficulties to the team. First, slow-moving members may cause project delays or reduced quality because they do not solve problems or seek help in time. Second, members who lack initiative may make teamwork inefficient and fail to fully tap the potential of each member. Therefore, we need to remind and give project directions many times to solve these problems to ensure that the team can work together more effectively. However, we did not plan our time before participating in the activity. If something really prevents you from attending, you need to inform the event organizer in advance and explain the reason. The organization and preparation of each event is not easy, and participating in the event will greatly improve yourself.
